# abcc_driver
This is a first test of having the Anybus CompactCom Driver as a GitHub repository.

To see examples of how it can be used in a project, go to [starter_kit_example](https://github.com/AnJoha/starter_kit_example).

## Cloning

### Use the flag

This repository contains a submodule ([abcc_abp](https://github.com/AnJoha/abcc_abp)) that must be initialized. Therefore, pass the flag `--recurse-submodules` when cloning.

*It's suggested to clone the repository into your projects `lib/` folder.*
```
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/AnJoha/abcc_driver.git lib/abcc_driver
```

#### (In case you missed it...)

If you did not pass the flag `--recurse-submodules` when cloning, the following command can be run:
```
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

## Building

### Configure

The Anybus CompactCom Driver shall **always** be configured by a file called `abcc_driver_configuration.h`, custom to your project. The file shall contain macro definitions to enable, disable, and set values of different features and funtionalities.

The configuration file can either be generated by the [Anybus CompactCom Driver Configuration GUI](), or created manually (advanced users).

### CMake

This repository can be included as a library into a CMake target by adding a few sections to your CMakeLists.txt file.

1. Add your file abcc_system_adaptation.c to your target.
```
target_sources(<your_target> PRIVATE <"path/to/abcc_system_adaptation.c">)
```

2. Create a variable called ABCC_DRIVER_INCLUDE_DIRS with directories containing **your** personal include (.h) files related to the CompactCom Driver, such as `abcc_driver_configuration.h`.
```
set(ABCC_DRIVER_INCLUDE_DIRS
    <${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/path/to/include_directory>
	<...>
)
```

3. Create a variable called ABCC_DRIVER_DIR with the path to the directory where the ABCC Driver repository was cloned.
```
set(ABCC_DRIVER_DIR <"${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/path/to/abcc_drv">)
```

4. Includes the standard CMake file in the CompactCom Driver.
```
include(${ABCC_DRIVER_DIR}/abcc_drv/abcc_driver.cmake)
```

5. Add directories containing include (.h) files related to the CompactCom Driver to your targer.
```
target_include_directories(host_application_exec PRIVATE ${ABCC_DRIVER_INCLUDE_DIRS})
```

6. Add the CompactCom Driver library to the user host application executable target.
```
target_link_libraries(<your_target> abcc_driver)
```